Add draft stylesheet info for subprojects. (#372)
kubernetes-sigs/lwkd: STYLESHEET.md

```

* Remember to report any versions which are about to be, or are already, EOL.

### Version Updates and Subproject Updates

> There's two very similar sections in LWKD, one called `Version Updates` and one called `Subproject and Dependency Updates`. While there is some flexibility in which section a particular news item goes in, here's the guidelines:

Reviewer: here **are** the guidelines:

> There's two very similar sections in LWKD, one called `Version Updates` and one called `Subproject and Dependency Updates`. While there is some flexibility in which section a particular news item goes in, here's the guidelines:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There's two very similar sections in LWKD, one called `Version Updates` and one called `Subproject and Dependency Updates`. While there is some flexibility in which section a particular news item goes in, here are the guidelines:
```

> **Version Updates**: New versions of build dependencies and some minor subprojects of Kubernetes.  Usually the news is not a release, but rather which version is included with/required for/supported by Kubernetes.  Examples would be updates to our required version of golang or etcd.  Alternately, we usually put update releases from minor subprojects here, such as cri-tools or cadvisor.  

Reviewer: Usually the news is not **about** a release,

Reviewer: **Alternatively** instead of Alternately

> Generally these items come from PRs in k/k repository, or announcements on the Dev list. A good rule is "if you're not going to say anything about the update, it probably goes in Version Updates rather than subprojects."

Reviewer: *If* you're not going... the first letter of `if` should be capital.

Accordingly, this is the format for Version Updates:

```
* [library to v#.#.#](link to PR or release announcement)
```

> **Subproject and Dependency Updates**: This section holds update summaries for closely related projects from [a short list](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lwkd/issues/232).  These are links to full release announcements, generally gathered by the Subprojects Bot.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Subproject and Dependency Updates**: This section holds update summaries for closely related projects from [a short list](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lwkd/issues/232).  These are links to full release announcements, generally gathered by the [Subprojects Bot](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lwkd/blob/main/scripts/release-crawler/README.md).
```

The format template for these announcements is:

```

> * [projectname v#.#.#](link to release announcement): change 1, change 2; also [v#.#.#](link)

Reviewer 2: I thought we use change 2. also   instead of ; but to be honest i think this is better

```

> The changes listed are 2-4 word summaries of major changes in that release (e.g. "fix CVE 2024-0576").  The "also" portion is if there are backported update releases at the same time.

Reviewer: The "also" portion is for listing any backported update releases occurring at the same time.
